
FIX APPNAME TO MATCH MOCK

Create a responsive web page from the supplied dashboard.png mockup with the following - DONE
    Header with app name, notification icon badge and profile avatar and name.
    SVG icon based navigation with the following links: Dashboard, Members, Visits, and Settings. NOTE: You only have to build out the main dashboard page, not any of the other pages.
    Main content area where the specific dashboard widgets will go.
    Ensure that the design responds well to mobile (320px), tablet (768px) and desktop (1024px) screen sizes.
    
    
Demo alert notification (remove circle also) - DONE 
    In the dashboard.png, this appears as the purple bar near the top of the page with the word "Alert" in it. When the page loads this alert should be visible, 
    but the user should be able to close the alert by clicking the X button.
    Include a notification icon in the navigation header. Use the icon-bell.svg file. In the mockup this is the bell in the top right corner of the page
    
    
Chart widgets:
    Using chart.js, create and include the information for the following chart widgets, as shown in the mockup for the:
    
    Web Traffic (line chart) - DONE 
    
    Daily Traffic Bar Chart (bar chart) - DONE
    
    Mobile User Pie Chart (donut chart) - DONE 
    
    Style the charts to match the overall style of the dashboard - DONE 
    
    You will need to make up this data -- you can see the mockup for sample data - DONE 
    
    
Social Stats Widget - DONE 
    Create a widget (or three separate widgets) to display social network stats for Facebook, Twitter and Google+.
    Use the provided SVG icons for each of the social networks
    Style the social information to match the corresponding social network
    Style to match the overall look and feel of the dashboard
    
    
New Members and Recent Activity Widgets - DONE 
    Create widgets that lists users for both widgets.
    Include avatars for each member (You can search for a “random user generator” like https://randomuser.me/photos or find some some pictures elsewhere).
    Add the information for each user as shown in the mockup, such as Member name, email address, Sign up Date etc.
    
    
Message User Widget - DONE 
    Create a field for searching for a user.
    You don't have to add real search functionality, but if you attempt to get the exceeds grade, you'll need to make up some user data.
    Add a message textarea field that lets you add a message.
    Create a “Send” button and use JS to allow you to submit the form and display a confirmation the message was sent. You won't actually submit the form, just simulate the action using JavaScript. 
    Use JS to display error messages if user isn’t selected or message field is empty. 
    Style to match the overall look and feel of the dashboard.
    
    
Settings Widget - DONE 
    Create a settings widget to display various setting options using different form elements.
    Create an on/off widget for whether to send email notifications.
    Create an on/off widget for whether to set profile to public or private.
    Create a dropdown to select timezone.
    Add Save and Cancel buttons (these do not have to do anything functional).
    Style to match the overall look and feel of the dashboard
    
    
FINAL CHECKLIST
    Mobile First - Done
    Alert Notifications - Done
    Chart Widgets (Line, Bar, and Donut) - Done
    Social Network (3 social networks) - Done
    New Members and Recent Activity - Done
    Message User Widget (inputs, JS send and error functionality) - Done 
    SETTINGS On/Off Widgets, Dropdowns, Save/Cancel Btns - Done
    
Check in Multiple Browsers 
     Check after all 3 sizes done
    Chrome
    Firefox 
    Edge
    
Validate HTML and CSS:
    Check after all 3 sizes done
    

    
    

